Add Silk Engine (#452)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.Silk.md

> [**Silk**](https://spiders-games.com/silk-engine) is an engine designed and developed internally based on the PhyreEngine (trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe).
> A tool kit and editors have also been developed so its developers can quickly develop high quality games for these platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Silk Engine**](https://spiders-games.com/silk-engine) is an engine developed by Spire, based on [PhyreEngine](/tech/Engine/Phyre/) and first used in the game [Faery - Legends of Avalon](/app/338390/) released in 2010.
```
